Added a License Header to README.md. (#36)
microsoft/griffel: README.md

[Microsoft's Trademark & Brand Guidelines](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/trademarks/usage/general).
Use of Microsoft trademarks or logos in modified versions of this project must not cause confusion or imply Microsoft sponsorship.
Any use of third-party trademarks or logos are subject to those third-party's policies.

## License

> Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.
> 
> Licensed under the [MIT](LICENSE.md) license.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project is licensed under the MIT License, see the [MIT](LICENSE.md) file for details.
```

Let's link the license instead

## License

> This project is licensed under the MIT License, see the [MIT](LICENSE.md) file for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project is licensed under the MIT License, see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details.
```
